One would think that having color names as well as RG B.
RG be a values would give us more than enough options.
But lucky for us we have more ways to work with colors in spaces and those would be H S L as well as
hexadecimal values.
Now we will not cover HSN since at this point I find it a massive overkill.
If you would like to research on your own of course there are plenty of great resources just type CSR
s h SL and you'll gonna be blown away.
We will however cover hexadecimal color values or just hex values for sure Hex Values Work a lot like
our G.B. where it covers the spectrum of red green and you guessed it blue color.
The difference though would be the fact that hex gives you much more color choices because instead of
just using numbers hex values can also be Letters From A to have where a would represent a number of
10 and F would represent the number of 50.
While the syntax would be found first we would need to have the hash tag then the first two values would
represent color of red and it can be any number from 1 to 10 and the letter from my tree.
For example if we would want to have a red color we would write like this.
Notice we have the hash tag.
So we're looking for X Y and then we have two Fs since we know that F is gonna be the highest now does
that mean it's the same thing as we were walking before with our G.B. where the highest one 255 was
obviously red an archaic since with the hex values exactly the same.
However what you notice here is that you have way more numbers in between.
If you were just looking here from zero to five here you're looking at two values that each of them
can be from zero to 50.
So again in general in one short sentence the hex values are just gonna give you way more color options
and that's all there is.
And as always I think it's the best way to actually practice with this.
Now I will gonna get rid of the body.
I don't think that color is helping us right now as well as I don't think I need to create anything
in nature.
The amount I think that's a little bit overkill already each and every time.
Heading over to HMO and let's start maybe with an idea first and let's decide what we would like to
see.
So I guess again as always let's start with the red one.
But please remember these are not the only colors you can have.
Will just using them for examples.
So let's say that we were gonna get rid of the RG B we don't need this and you know what.
Let me right away.
Delete both of the lines since we're gonna rewrite both and let's say that here I'm gonna be looking
for the hex color and that way we know that this is gonna be hash tag then f f because I would like
to have the red one and then let's say 0 0 4 blue and 0 0 for it.
I'm sorry the 0 0 4 green and 0 0 4 blue and as you can see right away the visual studio code gives
us the color box where it tells us that this is gonna be a red color.
So I was in the pulling a fast one on you.
Okay what about the background.
Well let's check it out how we can get a black.
Well if we would have to guess if you already were working with our G.B. what would you think how you
would get the black.
Well without GV we got 0 0 0.
Well what about if we tried with hex so we can say here 0 0 0 and what you can see is that there is
gonna be an options for you in hex colors where you don't have to type all six zeros.
You can just type three and this pretty much is gonna mean exactly the same thing.
Now let me say it and let's see what's gonna happen.
And surprise surprise I'm having a black color as my background and my hex color would be Fortran.
Okay let's test it out the green house.
Let's switch it up a little bit.
Let's say that this guy's gonna be green and we know that this would be hex value and we're looking
for 0 0 F F that would be for the green one and then we're looking for 0 0.
So this should turn green and instead of the color being green we're going to have the background green
but the color is gonna be white.
So I'm gonna show you how we can get the white color with a hex values so let's say hash tag then we're
looking for f f f now y again we're using f f f remember Rajavi what was the value.
Well it was two fifty five.
That was the max.
And 0 was the black one.
So Max was the white one and then zero was The Black.
Well it works the same way with hex values just the difference with the hex value Max is over here Max
is the 50 again.
Let's save it.
And what do we see the color the background color is green.
And the actual color is white.
Awesome.
Now let's try with Dave or I'm sorry heading number three meaning the I.D. number three.
And in this case let's try it out.
Maybe the blue one let's say hash tag and this would be again 0 0 0 0 and then we're looking for F F
which should give us the black value.
I'm sorry the Blue Valley.
And as you can see right now I'm having the syntax error.
Now I'm having the syntax error because I'm trying to write the hex color with seven values instead
of six.
So let me delete one of the zeros and we have ourselves a blue color.
Now maybe let's just throw out some different value because again probably you are a little bit confused
why we always use these colors the red green and blue why we can try some other colors and sure enough
we can.
And let me show you my favorite at least orange color which would be EF 1 5 0 2 5.
So at the moment we're going to save it.
This is gonna be our orange color and then obviously my color for the text is still going to be green.
I'm sorry the blue not green.
And then last but nonetheless let's work with the four where we're just going to give some random colors
for hex so it's a hex value and then we're looking for I don't know two three four a d something like
this.
So this should be a pink one.
And then what's happening here is going to be another value of hex and let's just go with two to two
which is gonna be the black one but in general this is how you would work with hex colors in the says.